afirmirajući	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
cirkulirajući	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
destimulirajući	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
dezinformirati	same lemma in HR and SR and modlemma dezinformisati in SR
diskriminirajući	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
dopirati	same lemma in HR and SR and modlemma dopisati in SR
eksproprira	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
eksproprirah	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
ekspropriraj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
eksproprirajmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
eksproprirajte	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
ekspropriraju	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
eksproprirala	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
eksproprirale	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
eksproprirali	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
ekspropriralo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
ekspropriram	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
ekspropriramo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
ekspropriran	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
eksproprirana	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
eksproprirane	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
eksproprirani	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
ekspropriranih	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
ekspropriranim	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
ekspropriranima	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
eksproprirano	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
ekspropriranog	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
ekspropriranoga	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
ekspropriranoj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
ekspropriranom	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
ekspropriranome	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
ekspropriranomu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
ekspropriranu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
eksproprirao	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
eksproprirasmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
ekspropriraste	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
eksproprirate	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
eksproprirati	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
eksproprirati	same lemma in HR and SR and modlemma eksproprisati in SR
ekspropriravši	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
ekspropriraš	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
ekspropriraše	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
evakuira	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
evakuirah	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
evakuirahu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
evakuiraj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
evakuirajmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
evakuirajte	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
evakuiraju	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
evakuirajući	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
evakuirala	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
evakuirale	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
evakuirali	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
evakuiralo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
evakuiram	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
evakuiramo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
evakuiran	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
evakuirana	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
evakuirane	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
evakuirani	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
evakuiranih	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
evakuiranim	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
evakuiranima	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
evakuirano	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
evakuiranog	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
evakuiranoga	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
evakuiranoj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
evakuiranom	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
evakuiranome	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
evakuiranomu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
evakuiranu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
evakuirao	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
evakuirasmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
evakuiraste	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
evakuirate	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
evakuirati	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
evakuirati	same lemma in HR and SR and modlemma evakuisati in SR
evakuiravši	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
evakuiraš	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
evakuiraše	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
formulira	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
formulirah	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
formulirahu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
formuliraj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
formulirajmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
formulirajte	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
formuliraju	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
formulirajući	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
formulirala	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
formulirale	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
formulirali	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
formuliralo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
formuliram	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
formuliramo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
formuliran	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
formulirana	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
formulirane	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
formulirani	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
formuliranih	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
formuliranim	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
formuliranima	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
formulirano	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
formuliranog	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
formuliranoga	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
formuliranoj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
formuliranom	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
formuliranome	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
formuliranomu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
formuliranu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
formulirao	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
formulirasmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
formuliraste	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
formulirate	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
formulirati	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
formulirati	same lemma in HR and SR and modlemma formulisati in SR
formuliravši	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
formuliraš	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
formuliraše	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
funkcionirajući	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
inkriminirajući	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
inkriminiran	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
inkriminirana	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
inkriminirane	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
inkriminirani	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
inkriminiranih	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
inkriminiranim	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
inkriminiranima	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
inkriminirano	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
inkriminiranog	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
inkriminiranoga	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
inkriminiranoj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
inkriminiranom	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
inkriminiranome	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
inkriminiranomu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
inkriminiranu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
inspirirajući	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
inspiriran	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
inspirirana	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
inspirirane	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
inspirirani	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
inspiriranih	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
inspiriranim	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
inspiriranima	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
inspirirano	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
inspiriranog	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
inspiriranoga	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
inspiriranoj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
inspiriranom	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
inspiriranome	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
inspiriranomu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
inspiriranu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
inspirisan	SR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in HR apertium
inspirisana	SR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in HR apertium
inspirisane	SR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in HR apertium
inspirisani	SR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in HR apertium
inspirisanih	SR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in HR apertium
inspirisanim	SR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in HR apertium
inspirisanima	SR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in HR apertium
inspirisano	SR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in HR apertium
inspirisanog	SR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in HR apertium
inspirisanoga	SR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in HR apertium
inspirisanoj	SR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in HR apertium
inspirisanom	SR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in HR apertium
inspirisanome	SR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in HR apertium
inspirisanomu	SR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in HR apertium
inspirisanu	SR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in HR apertium
integrirajući	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
intervenira	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
intervenirah	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
intervenirahu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
interveniraj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
intervenirajmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
intervenirajte	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
interveniraju	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
intervenirajući	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
intervenirala	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
intervenirale	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
intervenirali	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
interveniralo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
interveniram	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
interveniramo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
interveniran	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
intervenirana	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
intervenirane	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
intervenirani	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
interveniranih	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
interveniranim	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
interveniranima	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
intervenirano	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
interveniranog	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
interveniranoga	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
interveniranoj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
interveniranom	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
interveniranome	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
interveniranomu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
interveniranu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
intervenirao	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
intervenirasmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
interveniraste	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
intervenirate	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
intervenirati	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
intervenirati	same lemma in HR and SR and modlemma intervenisati in SR
interveniravši	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
interveniraš	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
interveniraše	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
ispirati	same lemma in HR and SR and modlemma ispisati in SR
kalkulira	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
kalkulirah	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
kalkulirahu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
kalkuliraj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
kalkulirajmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
kalkulirajte	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
kalkuliraju	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
kalkulirajući	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
kalkulirala	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
kalkulirale	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
kalkulirali	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
kalkuliralo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
kalkuliram	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
kalkuliramo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
kalkuliran	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
kalkulirana	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
kalkulirane	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
kalkulirani	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
kalkuliranih	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
kalkuliranim	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
kalkuliranima	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
kalkulirano	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
kalkuliranog	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
kalkuliranoga	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
kalkuliranoj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
kalkuliranom	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
kalkuliranome	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
kalkuliranomu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
kalkuliranu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
kalkulirao	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
kalkulirasmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
kalkuliraste	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
kalkulirate	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
kalkulirati	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
kalkulirati	same lemma in HR and SR and modlemma kalkulisati in SR
kalkuliraš	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
kalkuliraše	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
konstituirajući	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
koordinirati	same lemma in HR and SR and modlemma koordinisati in SR
kultiviran	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
kultivirana	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
kultivirane	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
kultivirani	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
kultiviranih	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
kultiviranim	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
kultiviranima	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
kultivirano	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
kultiviranog	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
kultiviranoga	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
kultiviranoj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
kultiviranom	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
kultiviranome	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
kultiviranomu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
kultiviranu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
motivirajući	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
motivisan	SR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in HR apertium
motivisana	SR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in HR apertium
motivisane	SR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in HR apertium
motivisani	SR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in HR apertium
motivisanih	SR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in HR apertium
motivisanim	SR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in HR apertium
motivisanima	SR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in HR apertium
motivisano	SR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in HR apertium
motivisanog	SR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in HR apertium
motivisanoga	SR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in HR apertium
motivisanoj	SR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in HR apertium
motivisanom	SR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in HR apertium
motivisanome	SR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in HR apertium
motivisanomu	SR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in HR apertium
motivisanu	SR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in HR apertium
nadirati	same lemma in HR and SR and modlemma nadisati in SR
orijentira	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
orijentiran	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
orijentirana	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
orijentirane	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
orijentirani	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
orijentiranih	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
orijentiranim	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
orijentiranima	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
orijentirano	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
orijentiranog	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
orijentiranoga	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
orijentiranoj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
orijentiranom	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
orijentiranome	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
orijentiranomu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
orijentiranu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
penzioniran	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
penzionirana	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
penzionirane	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
penzionirani	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
penzioniranih	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
penzioniranim	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
penzioniranima	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
penzionirano	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
penzioniranog	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
penzioniranoga	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
penzioniranoj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
penzioniranom	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
penzioniranome	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
penzioniranomu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
penzioniranu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
preorijentiran	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
preorijentirana	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
preorijentirane	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
preorijentirani	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
preorijentiranih	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
preorijentiranim	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
preorijentiranima	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
preorijentirano	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
preorijentiranog	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
preorijentiranoga	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
preorijentiranoj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
preorijentiranom	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
preorijentiranome	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
preorijentiranomu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
preorijentiranu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
prepirati	same lemma in HR and SR and modlemma prepisati in SR
prodirati	same lemma in HR and SR and modlemma prodisati in SR
regenerira	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
regenerirah	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
regenerirahu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
regeneriraj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
regenerirajmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
regenerirajte	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
regeneriraju	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
regenerirajući	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
regenerirala	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
regenerirale	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
regenerirali	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
regeneriralo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
regeneriram	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
regeneriramo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
regeneriran	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
regenerirana	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
regenerirane	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
regenerirani	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
regeneriranih	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
regeneriranim	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
regeneriranima	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
regenerirano	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
regeneriranog	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
regeneriranoga	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
regeneriranoj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
regeneriranom	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
regeneriranome	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
regeneriranomu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
regeneriranu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
regenerirao	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
regenerirasmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
regeneriraste	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
regenerirate	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
regenerirati	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
regenerirati	same lemma in HR and SR and modlemma regenerisati in SR
regeneriravši	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
regeneriraš	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
regeneriraše	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
rezerviran	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
stimulirajući	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
sugerira	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
sugerirah	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
sugerirahu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
sugeriraj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
sugerirajmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
sugerirajte	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
sugeriraju	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
sugerirajući	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
sugerirala	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
sugerirale	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
sugerirali	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
sugeriralo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
sugeriram	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
sugeriramo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
sugeriran	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
sugerirana	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
sugerirane	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
sugerirani	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
sugeriranih	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
sugeriranim	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
sugeriranima	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
sugerirano	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
sugeriranog	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
sugeriranoga	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
sugeriranoj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
sugeriranom	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
sugeriranome	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
sugeriranomu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
sugeriranu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
sugerirao	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
sugerirasmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
sugeriraste	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
sugerirate	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
sugerirati	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
sugerirati	same lemma in HR and SR and modlemma sugerisati in SR
sugeriravši	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
sugeriraš	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
sugeriraše	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
transferira	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
transferirah	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
transferirahu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
transferiraj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
transferirajmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
transferirajte	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
transferiraju	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
transferirajući	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
transferirala	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
transferirale	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
transferirali	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
transferiralo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
transferiram	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
transferiramo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
transferiran	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
transferirana	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
transferirane	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
transferirani	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
transferiranih	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
transferiranim	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
transferiranima	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
transferirano	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
transferiranog	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
transferiranoga	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
transferiranoj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
transferiranom	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
transferiranome	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
transferiranomu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
transferiranu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
transferirao	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
transferirasmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
transferiraste	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
transferirate	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
transferirati	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
transferirati	same lemma in HR and SR and modlemma transferisati in SR
transferiravši	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
transferiraš	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
transferiraše	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-is/isati in SR apertium
