akreditiran	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
akreditirana	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
akreditirane	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
akreditirani	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
akreditiranih	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
akreditiranim	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
akreditiranima	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
akreditirano	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
akreditiranog	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
akreditiranoga	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
akreditiranoj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
akreditiranom	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
akreditiranome	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
akreditiranomu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
akreditiranu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
amortizira	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
amortizirah	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
amortizirahu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
amortiziraj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
amortizirajmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
amortizirajte	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
amortiziraju	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
amortizirajući	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
amortizirala	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
amortizirale	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
amortizirali	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
amortiziralo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
amortiziram	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
amortiziramo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
amortiziran	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
amortizirana	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
amortizirane	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
amortizirani	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
amortiziranih	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
amortiziranim	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
amortiziranima	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
amortizirano	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
amortiziranog	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
amortiziranoga	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
amortiziranoj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
amortiziranom	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
amortiziranome	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
amortiziranomu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
amortiziranu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
amortizirao	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
amortizirasmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
amortiziraste	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
amortizirate	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
amortizirati	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
amortizirati	same lemma in HR and SR and modlemma amortizovati in SR
amortiziravši	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
amortiziraš	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
amortiziraše	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
angažira	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
angažirah	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
angažirahu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
angažiraj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
angažirajmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
angažirajte	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
angažiraju	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
angažirajući	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
angažirala	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
angažirale	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
angažirali	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
angažiralo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
angažiram	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
angažiramo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
angažiran	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
angažirana	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
angažirane	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
angažirani	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
angažiranih	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
angažiranim	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
angažiranima	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
angažirano	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
angažiranog	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
angažiranoga	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
angažiranoj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
angažiranom	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
angažiranome	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
angažiranomu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
angažiranu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
angažirao	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
angažirasmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
angažiraste	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
angažirate	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
angažirati	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
angažirati	same lemma in HR and SR and modlemma angažovati in SR
angažiravši	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
angažiraš	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
angažiraše	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
apelova	SR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in HR apertium
aplicira	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
aplicirah	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
aplicirahu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
apliciraj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
aplicirajmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
aplicirajte	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
apliciraju	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
aplicirajući	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
aplicirala	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
aplicirale	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
aplicirali	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
apliciralo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
apliciram	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
apliciramo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
apliciran	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
aplicirana	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
aplicirane	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
aplicirani	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
apliciranih	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
apliciranim	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
apliciranima	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
aplicirano	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
apliciranog	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
apliciranoga	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
apliciranoj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
apliciranom	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
apliciranome	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
apliciranomu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
apliciranu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
aplicirao	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
aplicirasmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
apliciraste	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
aplicirate	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
aplicirati	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
aplicirati	same lemma in HR and SR and modlemma aplikovati in SR
apliciravši	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
apliciraš	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
apliciraše	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
argumentiran	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
argumentirana	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
argumentirane	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
argumentirani	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
argumentiranih	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
argumentiranim	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
argumentiranima	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
argumentirano	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
argumentiranog	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
argumentiranoga	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
argumentiranoj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
argumentiranom	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
argumentiranome	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
argumentiranomu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
argumentiranu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
banirati	same lemma in HR and SR and modlemma banovati in SR
centraliziran	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
centralizirana	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
centralizirane	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
centralizirani	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
centraliziranih	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
centraliziranim	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
centraliziranima	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
centralizirano	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
centraliziranog	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
centraliziranoga	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
centraliziranoj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
centraliziranom	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
centraliziranome	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
centraliziranomu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
centraliziranu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
civiliziran	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
civilizirana	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
civilizirane	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
civilizirani	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
civiliziranih	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
civiliziranim	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
civiliziranima	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
civilizirano	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
civiliziranog	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
civiliziranoga	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
civiliziranoj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
civiliziranom	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
civiliziranome	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
civiliziranomu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
civiliziranu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
debitova	SR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in HR apertium
decentraliziran	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
decentralizirana	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
decentralizirane	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
decentralizirani	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
decentraliziranih	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
decentraliziranim	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
decentraliziranima	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
decentralizirano	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
decentraliziranog	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
decentraliziranoga	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
decentraliziranoj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
decentraliziranom	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
decentraliziranome	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
decentraliziranomu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
decentraliziranu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
demantova	SR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in HR apertium
demistificira	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
demistificirah	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
demistificirahu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
demistificiraj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
demistificirajmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
demistificirajte	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
demistificiraju	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
demistificirajući	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
demistificirala	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
demistificirale	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
demistificirali	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
demistificiralo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
demistificiram	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
demistificiramo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
demistificiran	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
demistificirana	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
demistificirane	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
demistificirani	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
demistificiranih	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
demistificiranim	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
demistificiranima	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
demistificirano	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
demistificiranog	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
demistificiranoga	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
demistificiranoj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
demistificiranom	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
demistificiranome	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
demistificiranomu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
demistificiranu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
demistificirao	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
demistificirasmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
demistificiraste	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
demistificirate	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
demistificirati	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
demistificirati	same lemma in HR and SR and modlemma demistifikovati in SR
demistificiravši	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
demistificiraš	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
demistificiraše	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
destabilizirajući	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dezinficira	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dezinficirah	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dezinficirahu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dezinficiraj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dezinficirajmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dezinficirajte	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dezinficiraju	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dezinficirajući	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dezinficirala	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dezinficirale	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dezinficirali	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dezinficiralo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dezinficiram	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dezinficiramo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dezinficiran	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dezinficirana	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dezinficirane	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dezinficirani	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dezinficiranih	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dezinficiranim	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dezinficiranima	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dezinficirano	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dezinficiranog	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dezinficiranoga	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dezinficiranoj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dezinficiranom	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dezinficiranome	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dezinficiranomu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dezinficiranu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dezinficirao	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dezinficirasmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dezinficiraste	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dezinficirate	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dezinficirati	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dezinficirati	same lemma in HR and SR and modlemma dezinfikovati in SR
dezinficiravši	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dezinficiraš	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dezinficiraše	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dijagnosticira	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dijagnosticirah	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dijagnosticirahu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dijagnosticiraj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dijagnosticirajmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dijagnosticirajte	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dijagnosticiraju	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dijagnosticirajući	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dijagnosticirala	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dijagnosticirale	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dijagnosticirali	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dijagnosticiralo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dijagnosticiram	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dijagnosticiramo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dijagnosticiran	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dijagnosticirana	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dijagnosticirane	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dijagnosticirani	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dijagnosticiranih	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dijagnosticiranim	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dijagnosticiranima	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dijagnosticirano	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dijagnosticiranog	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dijagnosticiranoga	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dijagnosticiranoj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dijagnosticiranom	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dijagnosticiranome	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dijagnosticiranomu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dijagnosticiranu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dijagnosticirao	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dijagnosticirasmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dijagnosticiraste	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dijagnosticirate	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dijagnosticirati	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dijagnosticirati	same lemma in HR and SR and modlemma dijagnostikovati in SR
dijagnosticiravši	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dijagnosticiraš	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dijagnosticiraše	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
discipliniran	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
disciplinirana	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
disciplinirane	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
disciplinirani	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
discipliniranih	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
discipliniranim	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
discipliniranima	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
disciplinirano	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
discipliniranog	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
discipliniranoga	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
discipliniranoj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
discipliniranom	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
discipliniranome	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
discipliniranomu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
discipliniranu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
docirati	same lemma in HR and SR and modlemma dokovati in SR
dokumentiran	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dokumentirana	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dokumentirane	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dokumentirani	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dokumentiranih	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dokumentiranim	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dokumentiranima	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dokumentirano	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dokumentiranog	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dokumentiranoga	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dokumentiranoj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dokumentiranom	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dokumentiranome	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dokumentiranomu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dokumentiranu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dramatizira	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dramatizirah	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dramatizirahu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dramatiziraj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dramatizirajmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dramatizirajte	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dramatiziraju	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dramatizirajući	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dramatizirala	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dramatizirale	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dramatizirali	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dramatiziralo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dramatiziram	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dramatiziramo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dramatiziran	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dramatizirana	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dramatizirane	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dramatizirani	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dramatiziranih	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dramatiziranim	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dramatiziranima	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dramatizirano	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dramatiziranog	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dramatiziranoga	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dramatiziranoj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dramatiziranom	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dramatiziranome	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dramatiziranomu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dramatiziranu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dramatizirao	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dramatizirasmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dramatiziraste	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dramatizirate	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dramatizirati	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dramatizirati	same lemma in HR and SR and modlemma dramatizovati in SR
dramatiziraš	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
dramatiziraše	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
educira	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
educirah	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
educirahu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
educiraj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
educirajmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
educirajte	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
educiraju	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
educirajući	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
educirala	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
educirale	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
educirali	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
educiralo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
educiram	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
educiramo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
educiran	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
educirana	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
educirane	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
educirani	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
educiranih	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
educiranim	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
educiranima	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
educirano	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
educiranog	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
educiranoga	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
educiranoj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
educiranom	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
educiranome	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
educiranomu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
educiranu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
educirao	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
educirasmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
educiraste	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
educirate	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
educirati	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
educirati	same lemma in HR and SR and modlemma edukovati in SR
educiravši	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
educiraš	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
educiraše	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
emancipiran	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
emancipirana	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
emancipirane	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
emancipirani	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
emancipiranih	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
emancipiranim	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
emancipiranima	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
emancipirano	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
emancipiranog	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
emancipiranoga	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
emancipiranoj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
emancipiranom	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
emancipiranome	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
emancipiranomu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
emancipiranu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
favorizirajući	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
garantira	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
garantirah	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
garantirahu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
garantiraj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
garantirajmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
garantirajte	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
garantiraju	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
garantirajući	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
garantirala	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
garantirale	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
garantirali	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
garantiralo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
garantiram	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
garantiramo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
garantiran	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
garantirana	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
garantirane	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
garantirani	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
garantiranih	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
garantiranim	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
garantiranima	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
garantirano	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
garantiranog	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
garantiranoga	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
garantiranoj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
garantiranom	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
garantiranome	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
garantiranomu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
garantiranu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
garantirao	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
garantirasmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
garantiraste	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
garantirate	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
garantirati	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
garantirati	same lemma in HR and SR and modlemma garantovati in SR
garantiravši	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
garantiraš	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
garantiraše	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
globaliziran	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
globalizirana	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
globalizirane	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
globalizirani	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
globaliziranih	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
globaliziranim	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
globaliziranima	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
globalizirano	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
globaliziranog	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
globaliziranoga	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
globaliziranoj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
globaliziranom	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
globaliziranome	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
globaliziranomu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
globaliziranu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
glorificira	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
glorificirah	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
glorificirahu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
glorificiraj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
glorificirajmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
glorificirajte	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
glorificiraju	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
glorificirajući	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
glorificirala	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
glorificirale	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
glorificirali	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
glorificiralo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
glorificiram	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
glorificiramo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
glorificiran	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
glorificirana	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
glorificirane	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
glorificirani	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
glorificiranih	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
glorificiranim	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
glorificiranima	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
glorificirano	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
glorificiranog	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
glorificiranoga	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
glorificiranoj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
glorificiranom	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
glorificiranome	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
glorificiranomu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
glorificiranu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
glorificirao	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
glorificirasmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
glorificiraste	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
glorificirate	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
glorificirati	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
glorificirati	same lemma in HR and SR and modlemma glorifikovati in SR
glorificiravši	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
glorificiraš	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
glorificiraše	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
harmonizirajući	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
hospitaliziran	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
hospitalizirana	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
hospitalizirane	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
hospitalizirani	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
hospitaliziranih	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
hospitaliziranim	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
hospitaliziranima	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
hospitalizirano	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
hospitaliziranog	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
hospitaliziranoga	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
hospitaliziranoj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
hospitaliziranom	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
hospitaliziranome	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
hospitaliziranomu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
hospitaliziranu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
improviziran	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
improvizirana	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
improvizirane	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
improvizirani	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
improviziranih	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
improviziranim	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
improviziranima	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
improvizirano	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
improviziranog	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
improviziranoga	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
improviziranoj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
improviziranom	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
improviziranome	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
improviziranomu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
improviziranu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
indicira	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
indicirah	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
indicirahu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
indiciraj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
indicirajmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
indicirajte	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
indiciraju	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
indicirajući	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
indicirala	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
indicirale	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
indicirali	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
indiciralo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
indiciram	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
indiciramo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
indiciran	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
indicirana	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
indicirane	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
indicirani	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
indiciranih	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
indiciranim	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
indiciranima	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
indicirano	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
indiciranog	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
indiciranoga	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
indiciranoj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
indiciranom	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
indiciranome	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
indiciranomu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
indiciranu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
indicirao	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
indicirasmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
indiciraste	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
indicirate	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
indicirati	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
indicirati	same lemma in HR and SR and modlemma indikovati in SR
indiciravši	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
indiciraš	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
indiciraše	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
inducira	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
inducirah	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
inducirahu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
induciraj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
inducirajmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
inducirajte	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
induciraju	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
inducirajući	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
inducirala	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
inducirale	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
inducirali	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
induciralo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
induciram	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
induciramo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
induciran	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
inducirana	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
inducirane	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
inducirani	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
induciranih	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
induciranim	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
induciranima	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
inducirano	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
induciranog	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
induciranoga	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
induciranoj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
induciranom	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
induciranome	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
induciranomu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
induciranu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
inducirao	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
inducirasmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
induciraste	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
inducirate	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
inducirati	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
inducirati	same lemma in HR and SR and modlemma indukovati in SR
induciravši	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
induciraš	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
induciraše	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
institucionaliziran	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
institucionalizirana	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
institucionalizirane	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
institucionalizirani	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
institucionaliziranih	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
institucionaliziranim	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
institucionaliziranima	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
institucionalizirano	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
institucionaliziranog	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
institucionaliziranoga	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
institucionaliziranoj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
institucionaliziranom	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
institucionaliziranome	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
institucionaliziranomu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
institucionaliziranu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
instrumentalizira	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
instrumentalizirah	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
instrumentalizirahu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
instrumentaliziraj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
instrumentalizirajmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
instrumentalizirajte	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
instrumentaliziraju	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
instrumentalizirajući	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
instrumentalizirala	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
instrumentalizirale	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
instrumentalizirali	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
instrumentaliziralo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
instrumentaliziram	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
instrumentaliziramo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
instrumentaliziran	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
instrumentalizirana	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
instrumentalizirane	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
instrumentalizirani	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
instrumentaliziranih	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
instrumentaliziranim	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
instrumentaliziranima	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
instrumentalizirano	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
instrumentaliziranog	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
instrumentaliziranoga	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
instrumentaliziranoj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
instrumentaliziranom	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
instrumentaliziranome	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
instrumentaliziranomu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
instrumentaliziranu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
instrumentalizirao	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
instrumentalizirasmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
instrumentaliziraste	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
instrumentalizirate	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
instrumentalizirati	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
instrumentalizirati	same lemma in HR and SR and modlemma instrumentalizovati in SR
instrumentaliziravši	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
instrumentaliziraš	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
instrumentaliziraše	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
iskomplicira	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
iskomplicirah	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
iskompliciraj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
iskomplicirajmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
iskomplicirajte	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
iskompliciraju	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
iskomplicirala	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
iskomplicirale	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
iskomplicirali	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
iskompliciralo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
iskompliciram	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
iskompliciramo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
iskompliciran	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
iskomplicirana	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
iskomplicirane	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
iskomplicirani	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
iskompliciranih	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
iskompliciranim	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
iskompliciranima	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
iskomplicirano	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
iskompliciranog	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
iskompliciranoga	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
iskompliciranoj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
iskompliciranom	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
iskompliciranome	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
iskompliciranomu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
iskompliciranu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
iskomplicirao	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
iskomplicirasmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
iskompliciraste	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
iskomplicirate	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
iskomplicirati	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
iskomplicirati	same lemma in HR and SR and modlemma iskomplikovati in SR
iskompliciravši	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
iskompliciraš	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
iskompliciraše	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
izoliran	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
izolirana	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
izolirane	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
izolirani	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
izoliranih	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
izoliranim	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
izoliranima	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
izolirano	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
izoliranog	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
izoliranoga	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
izoliranoj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
izoliranom	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
izoliranome	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
izoliranomu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
izoliranu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
klasificira	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
klasificirah	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
klasificirahu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
klasificiraj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
klasificirajmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
klasificirajte	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
klasificiraju	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
klasificirajući	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
klasificirala	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
klasificirale	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
klasificirali	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
klasificiralo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
klasificiram	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
klasificiramo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
klasificiran	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
klasificirana	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
klasificirane	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
klasificirani	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
klasificiranih	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
klasificiranim	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
klasificiranima	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
klasificirano	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
klasificiranog	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
klasificiranoga	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
klasificiranoj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
klasificiranom	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
klasificiranome	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
klasificiranomu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
klasificiranu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
klasificirao	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
klasificirasmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
klasificiraste	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
klasificirate	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
klasificirati	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
klasificirati	same lemma in HR and SR and modlemma klasifikovati in SR
klasificiravši	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
klasificiraš	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
klasificiraše	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
komandira	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kombiniran	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kombinirana	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kombinirane	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kombinirani	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kombiniranih	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kombiniranim	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kombiniranima	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kombinirano	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kombiniranog	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kombiniranoga	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kombiniranoj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kombiniranom	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kombiniranome	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kombiniranomu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kombiniranu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
komplicira	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
komplicirah	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
komplicirahu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kompliciraj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
komplicirajmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
komplicirajte	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kompliciraju	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
komplicirajući	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
komplicirala	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
komplicirale	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
komplicirali	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kompliciralo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kompliciram	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kompliciramo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kompliciran	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
komplicirana	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
komplicirane	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
komplicirani	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kompliciranih	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kompliciranim	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kompliciranima	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
komplicirano	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kompliciranog	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kompliciranoga	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kompliciranoj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kompliciranom	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kompliciranome	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kompliciranomu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kompliciranu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
komplicirao	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
komplicirasmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kompliciraste	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
komplicirate	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
komplicirati	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
komplicirati	same lemma in HR and SR and modlemma komplikovati in SR
kompliciravši	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kompliciraš	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kompliciraše	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kompromitirajući	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kondenziran	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kondenzirana	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kondenzirane	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kondenzirani	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kondenziranih	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kondenziranim	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kondenziranima	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kondenzirano	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kondenziranog	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kondenziranoga	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kondenziranoj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kondenziranom	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kondenziranome	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kondenziranomu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kondenziranu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
konfiscira	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
konfiscirah	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
konfiscirahu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
konfisciraj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
konfiscirajmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
konfiscirajte	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
konfisciraju	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
konfiscirajući	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
konfiscirala	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
konfiscirale	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
konfiscirali	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
konfisciralo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
konfisciram	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
konfisciramo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
konfisciran	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
konfiscirana	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
konfiscirane	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
konfiscirani	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
konfisciranih	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
konfisciranim	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
konfisciranima	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
konfiscirano	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
konfisciranog	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
konfisciranoga	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
konfisciranoj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
konfisciranom	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
konfisciranome	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
konfisciranomu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
konfisciranu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
konfiscirao	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
konfiscirasmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
konfisciraste	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
konfiscirate	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
konfiscirati	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
konfiscirati	same lemma in HR and SR and modlemma konfiskovati in SR
konfisciravši	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
konfisciraš	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
konfisciraše	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
konkretizira	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
konkretizirah	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
konkretizirahu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
konkretiziraj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
konkretizirajmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
konkretizirajte	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
konkretiziraju	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
konkretizirajući	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
konkretizirala	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
konkretizirale	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
konkretizirali	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
konkretiziralo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
konkretiziram	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
konkretiziramo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
konkretiziran	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
konkretizirana	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
konkretizirane	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
konkretizirani	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
konkretiziranih	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
konkretiziranim	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
konkretiziranima	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
konkretizirano	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
konkretiziranog	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
konkretiziranoga	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
konkretiziranoj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
konkretiziranom	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
konkretiziranome	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
konkretiziranomu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
konkretiziranu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
konkretizirao	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
konkretizirasmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
konkretiziraste	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
konkretizirate	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
konkretizirati	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
konkretizirati	same lemma in HR and SR and modlemma konkretizovati in SR
konkretiziravši	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
konkretiziraš	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
konkretiziraše	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kvalificirajući	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kvalificiran	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kvalificirana	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kvalificirane	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kvalificirani	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kvalificiranih	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kvalificiranim	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kvalificiranima	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kvalificirano	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kvalificiranog	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kvalificiranoga	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kvalificiranoj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kvalificiranom	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kvalificiranome	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kvalificiranomu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kvalificiranu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kvantificira	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kvantificirah	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kvantificirahu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kvantificiraj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kvantificirajmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kvantificirajte	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kvantificiraju	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kvantificirajući	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kvantificirala	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kvantificirale	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kvantificirali	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kvantificiralo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kvantificiram	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kvantificiramo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kvantificiran	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kvantificirana	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kvantificirane	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kvantificirani	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kvantificiranih	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kvantificiranim	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kvantificiranima	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kvantificirano	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kvantificiranog	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kvantificiranoga	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kvantificiranoj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kvantificiranom	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kvantificiranome	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kvantificiranomu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kvantificiranu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kvantificirao	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kvantificirasmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kvantificiraste	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kvantificirate	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kvantificirati	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kvantificirati	same lemma in HR and SR and modlemma kvantifikovati in SR
kvantificiravši	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kvantificiraš	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
kvantificiraše	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
lobirati	same lemma in HR and SR and modlemma lobovati in SR
lokaliziran	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
lokalizirana	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
lokalizirane	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
lokalizirani	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
lokaliziranih	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
lokaliziranim	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
lokaliziranima	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
lokalizirano	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
lokaliziranog	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
lokaliziranoga	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
lokaliziranoj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
lokaliziranom	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
lokaliziranome	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
lokaliziranomu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
lokaliziranu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
ludirati	same lemma in HR and SR and modlemma ludovati in SR
materijalizira	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
materijalizirah	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
materijalizirahu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
materijaliziraj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
materijalizirajmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
materijalizirajte	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
materijaliziraju	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
materijalizirajući	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
materijalizirala	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
materijalizirale	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
materijalizirali	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
materijaliziralo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
materijaliziram	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
materijaliziramo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
materijaliziran	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
materijalizirana	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
materijalizirane	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
materijalizirani	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
materijaliziranih	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
materijaliziranim	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
materijaliziranima	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
materijalizirano	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
materijaliziranog	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
materijaliziranoga	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
materijaliziranoj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
materijaliziranom	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
materijaliziranome	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
materijaliziranomu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
materijaliziranu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
materijalizirao	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
materijalizirasmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
materijaliziraste	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
materijalizirate	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
materijalizirati	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
materijalizirati	same lemma in HR and SR and modlemma materijalizovati in SR
materijaliziravši	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
materijaliziraš	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
materijaliziraše	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
mistificira	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
mistificirah	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
mistificirahu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
mistificiraj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
mistificirajmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
mistificirajte	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
mistificiraju	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
mistificirajući	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
mistificirala	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
mistificirale	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
mistificirali	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
mistificiralo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
mistificiram	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
mistificiramo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
mistificiran	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
mistificirana	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
mistificirane	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
mistificirani	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
mistificiranih	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
mistificiranim	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
mistificiranima	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
mistificirano	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
mistificiranog	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
mistificiranoga	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
mistificiranoj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
mistificiranom	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
mistificiranome	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
mistificiranomu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
mistificiranu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
mistificirao	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
mistificirasmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
mistificiraste	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
mistificirate	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
mistificirati	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
mistificirati	same lemma in HR and SR and modlemma mistifikovati in SR
mistificiravši	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
mistificiraš	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
mistificiraše	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
modificira	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
modificirah	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
modificirahu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
modificiraj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
modificirajmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
modificirajte	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
modificiraju	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
modificirajući	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
modificirala	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
modificirale	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
modificirali	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
modificiralo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
modificiram	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
modificiramo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
modificiran	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
modificirana	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
modificirane	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
modificirani	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
modificiranih	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
modificiranim	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
modificiranima	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
modificirano	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
modificiranog	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
modificiranoga	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
modificiranoj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
modificiranom	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
modificiranome	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
modificiranomu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
modificiranu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
modificirao	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
modificirasmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
modificiraste	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
modificirate	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
modificirati	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
modificirati	same lemma in HR and SR and modlemma modifikovati in SR
modificiravši	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
modificiraš	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
modificiraše	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
negira	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
negirah	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
negirahu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
negiraj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
negirajmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
negirajte	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
negiraju	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
negirajući	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
negirala	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
negirale	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
negirali	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
negiralo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
negiram	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
negiramo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
negiran	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
negirana	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
negirane	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
negirani	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
negiranih	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
negiranim	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
negiranima	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
negirano	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
negiranog	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
negiranoga	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
negiranoj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
negiranom	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
negiranome	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
negiranomu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
negiranu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
negirao	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
negirasmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
negiraste	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
negirate	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
negirati	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
negirati	same lemma in HR and SR and modlemma negovati in SR
negiravši	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
negiraš	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
negiraše	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
njegovah	SR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in HR apertium
njegovahu	SR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in HR apertium
njegovala	SR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in HR apertium
njegovale	SR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in HR apertium
njegovali	SR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in HR apertium
njegovalo	SR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in HR apertium
njegovan	SR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in HR apertium
njegovana	SR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in HR apertium
njegovane	SR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in HR apertium
njegovani	SR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in HR apertium
njegovanih	SR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in HR apertium
njegovanim	SR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in HR apertium
njegovanima	SR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in HR apertium
njegovano	SR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in HR apertium
njegovanog	SR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in HR apertium
njegovanoga	SR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in HR apertium
njegovanoj	SR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in HR apertium
njegovanom	SR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in HR apertium
njegovanome	SR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in HR apertium
njegovanomu	SR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in HR apertium
njegovanu	SR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in HR apertium
njegovao	SR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in HR apertium
njegovasmo	SR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in HR apertium
njegovaste	SR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in HR apertium
njegovati	SR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in HR apertium
njegovaše	SR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in HR apertium
njeguj	SR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in HR apertium
njeguje	SR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in HR apertium
njegujem	SR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in HR apertium
njegujemo	SR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in HR apertium
njegujete	SR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in HR apertium
njeguješ	SR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in HR apertium
njegujmo	SR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in HR apertium
njegujte	SR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in HR apertium
njeguju	SR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in HR apertium
njegujući	SR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in HR apertium
oksidirajući	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
okvalificira	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
okvalificirah	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
okvalificiraj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
okvalificirajmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
okvalificirajte	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
okvalificiraju	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
okvalificirala	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
okvalificirale	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
okvalificirali	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
okvalificiralo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
okvalificiram	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
okvalificiramo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
okvalificiran	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
okvalificirana	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
okvalificirane	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
okvalificirani	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
okvalificiranih	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
okvalificiranim	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
okvalificiranima	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
okvalificirano	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
okvalificiranog	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
okvalificiranoga	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
okvalificiranoj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
okvalificiranom	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
okvalificiranome	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
okvalificiranomu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
okvalificiranu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
okvalificirao	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
okvalificirasmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
okvalificiraste	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
okvalificirate	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
okvalificirati	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
okvalificirati	same lemma in HR and SR and modlemma okvalifikovati in SR
okvalificiravši	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
okvalificiraš	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
okvalificiraše	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
optimizira	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
optimizirah	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
optimizirahu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
optimiziraj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
optimizirajmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
optimizirajte	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
optimiziraju	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
optimizirajući	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
optimizirala	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
optimizirale	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
optimizirali	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
optimiziralo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
optimiziram	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
optimiziramo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
optimiziran	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
optimizirana	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
optimizirane	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
optimizirani	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
optimiziranih	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
optimiziranim	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
optimiziranima	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
optimizirano	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
optimiziranog	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
optimiziranoga	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
optimiziranoj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
optimiziranom	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
optimiziranome	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
optimiziranomu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
optimiziranu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
optimizirao	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
optimizirasmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
optimiziraste	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
optimizirate	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
optimizirati	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
optimizirati	same lemma in HR and SR and modlemma optimizovati in SR
optimiziravši	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
optimiziraš	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
optimiziraše	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
pacificira	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
pacificirah	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
pacificirahu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
pacificiraj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
pacificirajmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
pacificirajte	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
pacificiraju	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
pacificirajući	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
pacificirala	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
pacificirale	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
pacificirali	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
pacificiralo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
pacificiram	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
pacificiramo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
pacificiran	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
pacificirana	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
pacificirane	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
pacificirani	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
pacificiranih	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
pacificiranim	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
pacificiranima	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
pacificirano	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
pacificiranog	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
pacificiranoga	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
pacificiranoj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
pacificiranom	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
pacificiranome	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
pacificiranomu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
pacificiranu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
pacificirao	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
pacificirasmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
pacificiraste	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
pacificirate	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
pacificirati	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
pacificirati	same lemma in HR and SR and modlemma pacifikovati in SR
pacificiravši	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
pacificiraš	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
pacificiraše	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
pakirati	same lemma in HR and SR and modlemma pakovati in SR
personificira	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
personificirah	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
personificirahu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
personificiraj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
personificirajmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
personificirajte	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
personificiraju	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
personificirajući	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
personificirala	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
personificirale	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
personificirali	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
personificiralo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
personificiram	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
personificiramo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
personificiran	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
personificirana	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
personificirane	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
personificirani	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
personificiranih	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
personificiranim	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
personificiranima	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
personificirano	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
personificiranog	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
personificiranoga	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
personificiranoj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
personificiranom	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
personificiranome	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
personificiranomu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
personificiranu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
personificirao	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
personificirasmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
personificiraste	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
personificirate	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
personificirati	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
personificirati	same lemma in HR and SR and modlemma personifikovati in SR
personificiravši	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
personificiraš	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
personificiraše	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prakticirajući	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prefabricira	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prefabricirah	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prefabricirahu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prefabriciraj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prefabricirajmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prefabricirajte	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prefabriciraju	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prefabricirajući	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prefabricirala	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prefabricirale	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prefabricirali	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prefabriciralo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prefabriciram	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prefabriciramo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prefabriciran	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prefabricirana	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prefabricirane	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prefabricirani	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prefabriciranih	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prefabriciranim	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prefabriciranima	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prefabricirano	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prefabriciranog	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prefabriciranoga	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prefabriciranoj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prefabriciranom	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prefabriciranome	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prefabriciranomu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prefabriciranu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prefabricirao	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prefabricirasmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prefabriciraste	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prefabricirate	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prefabricirati	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prefabricirati	same lemma in HR and SR and modlemma prefabrikovati in SR
prefabriciravši	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prefabriciraš	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prefabriciraše	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prekvalificira	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prekvalificirah	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prekvalificirahu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prekvalificiraj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prekvalificirajmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prekvalificirajte	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prekvalificiraju	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prekvalificirajući	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prekvalificirala	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prekvalificirale	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prekvalificirali	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prekvalificiralo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prekvalificiram	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prekvalificiramo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prekvalificiran	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prekvalificirana	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prekvalificirane	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prekvalificirani	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prekvalificiranih	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prekvalificiranim	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prekvalificiranima	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prekvalificirano	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prekvalificiranog	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prekvalificiranoga	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prekvalificiranoj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prekvalificiranom	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prekvalificiranome	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prekvalificiranomu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prekvalificiranu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prekvalificirao	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prekvalificirasmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prekvalificiraste	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prekvalificirate	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prekvalificirati	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prekvalificirati	same lemma in HR and SR and modlemma prekvalifikovati in SR
prekvalificiravši	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prekvalificiraš	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prekvalificiraše	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prezentira	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prezentirah	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prezentirahu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prezentiraj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prezentirajmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prezentirajte	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prezentiraju	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prezentirajući	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prezentirala	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prezentirale	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prezentirali	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prezentiralo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prezentiram	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prezentiramo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prezentiran	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prezentirana	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prezentirane	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prezentirani	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prezentiranih	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prezentiranim	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prezentiranima	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prezentirano	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prezentiranog	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prezentiranoga	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prezentiranoj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prezentiranom	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prezentiranome	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prezentiranomu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prezentiranu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prezentirao	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prezentirasmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prezentiraste	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prezentirate	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prezentirati	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prezentirati	same lemma in HR and SR and modlemma prezentovati in SR
prezentiravši	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prezentiraš	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
prezentiraše	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
privilegiran	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
privilegirana	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
privilegirane	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
privilegirani	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
privilegiranih	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
privilegiranim	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
privilegiranima	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
privilegirano	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
privilegiranog	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
privilegiranoga	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
privilegiranoj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
privilegiranom	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
privilegiranome	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
privilegiranomu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
privilegiranu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
producira	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
producirah	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
producirahu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
produciraj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
producirajmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
producirajte	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
produciraju	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
producirajući	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
producirala	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
producirale	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
producirali	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
produciralo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
produciram	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
produciramo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
produciran	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
producirana	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
producirane	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
producirani	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
produciranih	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
produciranim	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
produciranima	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
producirano	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
produciranog	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
produciranoga	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
produciranoj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
produciranom	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
produciranome	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
produciranomu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
produciranu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
producirao	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
producirasmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
produciraste	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
producirate	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
producirati	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
producirati	same lemma in HR and SR and modlemma produkovati in SR
produciravši	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
produciraš	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
produciraše	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
proklamiran	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
proklamirana	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
proklamirane	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
proklamirani	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
proklamiranih	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
proklamiranim	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
proklamiranima	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
proklamirano	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
proklamiranog	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
proklamiranoga	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
proklamiranoj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
proklamiranom	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
proklamiranome	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
proklamiranomu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
proklamiranu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
publicira	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
publicirah	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
publicirahu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
publiciraj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
publicirajmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
publicirajte	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
publiciraju	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
publicirajući	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
publicirala	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
publicirale	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
publicirali	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
publiciralo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
publiciram	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
publiciramo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
publiciran	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
publicirana	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
publicirane	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
publicirani	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
publiciranih	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
publiciranim	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
publiciranima	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
publicirano	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
publiciranog	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
publiciranoga	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
publiciranoj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
publiciranom	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
publiciranome	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
publiciranomu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
publiciranu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
publicirao	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
publicirasmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
publiciraste	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
publicirate	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
publicirati	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
publicirati	same lemma in HR and SR and modlemma publikovati in SR
publiciravši	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
publiciraš	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
publiciraše	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
ratificira	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
ratificirah	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
ratificirahu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
ratificiraj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
ratificirajmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
ratificirajte	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
ratificiraju	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
ratificirajući	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
ratificirala	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
ratificirale	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
ratificirali	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
ratificiralo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
ratificiram	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
ratificiramo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
ratificiran	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
ratificirana	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
ratificirane	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
ratificirani	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
ratificiranih	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
ratificiranim	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
ratificiranima	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
ratificirano	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
ratificiranog	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
ratificiranoga	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
ratificiranoj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
ratificiranom	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
ratificiranome	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
ratificiranomu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
ratificiranu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
ratificirao	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
ratificirasmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
ratificiraste	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
ratificirate	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
ratificirati	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
ratificirati	same lemma in HR and SR and modlemma ratifikovati in SR
ratificiravši	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
ratificiraš	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
ratificiraše	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reagira	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reagirah	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reagirahu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reagiraj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reagirajmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reagirajte	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reagiraju	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reagirajući	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reagirala	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reagirale	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reagirali	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reagiralo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reagiram	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reagiramo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reagiran	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reagirana	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reagirane	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reagirani	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reagiranih	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reagiranim	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reagiranima	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reagirano	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reagiranog	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reagiranoga	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reagiranoj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reagiranom	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reagiranome	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reagiranomu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reagiranu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reagirao	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reagirasmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reagiraste	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reagirate	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reagirati	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reagirati	same lemma in HR and SR and modlemma reagovati in SR
reagiravši	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reagiraš	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reagiraše	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reducira	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reducirah	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reducirahu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reduciraj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reducirajmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reducirajte	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reduciraju	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reducirajući	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reducirala	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reducirale	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reducirali	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reduciralo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reduciram	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reduciramo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reduciran	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reducirana	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reducirane	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reducirani	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reduciranih	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reduciranim	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reduciranima	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reducirano	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reduciranog	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reduciranoga	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reduciranoj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reduciranom	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reduciranome	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reduciranomu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reduciranu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reducirao	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reducirasmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reduciraste	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reducirate	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reducirati	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reducirati	same lemma in HR and SR and modlemma redukovati in SR
reduciravši	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reduciraš	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reduciraše	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reflektirajući	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rehabilitira	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rehabilitirah	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rehabilitirahu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rehabilitiraj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rehabilitirajmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rehabilitirajte	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rehabilitiraju	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rehabilitirajući	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rehabilitirala	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rehabilitirale	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rehabilitirali	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rehabilitiralo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rehabilitiram	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rehabilitiramo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rehabilitiran	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rehabilitirana	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rehabilitirane	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rehabilitirani	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rehabilitiranih	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rehabilitiranim	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rehabilitiranima	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rehabilitirano	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rehabilitiranog	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rehabilitiranoga	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rehabilitiranoj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rehabilitiranom	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rehabilitiranome	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rehabilitiranomu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rehabilitiranu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rehabilitirao	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rehabilitirasmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rehabilitiraste	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rehabilitirate	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rehabilitirati	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rehabilitirati	same lemma in HR and SR and modlemma rehabilitovati in SR
rehabilitiravši	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rehabilitiraš	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rehabilitiraše	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reproducira	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reproducirah	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reproducirahu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reproduciraj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reproducirajmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reproducirajte	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reproduciraju	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reproducirajući	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reproducirala	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reproducirale	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reproducirali	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reproduciralo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reproduciram	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reproduciramo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reproduciran	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reproducirana	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reproducirane	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reproducirani	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reproduciranih	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reproduciranim	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reproduciranima	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reproducirano	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reproduciranog	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reproduciranoga	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reproduciranoj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reproduciranom	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reproduciranome	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reproduciranomu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reproduciranu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reproducirao	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reproducirasmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reproduciraste	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reproducirate	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reproducirati	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reproducirati	same lemma in HR and SR and modlemma reprodukovati in SR
reproduciravši	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reproduciraš	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
reproduciraše	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
revitalizirajući	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rezonira	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rezonirah	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rezonirahu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rezoniraj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rezonirajmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rezonirajte	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rezoniraju	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rezonirajući	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rezonirala	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rezonirale	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rezonirali	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rezoniralo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rezoniram	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rezoniramo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rezonirao	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rezonirasmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rezoniraste	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rezonirate	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rezonirati	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rezonirati	same lemma in HR and SR and modlemma rezonovati in SR
rezoniraš	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rezoniraše	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rezultira	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rezultirah	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rezultirahu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rezultiraj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rezultirajmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rezultirajte	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rezultiraju	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rezultirajući	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rezultirala	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rezultirale	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rezultirali	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rezultiralo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rezultiram	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rezultiramo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rezultiran	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rezultirana	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rezultirane	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rezultirani	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rezultiranih	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rezultiranim	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rezultiranima	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rezultirano	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rezultiranog	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rezultiranoga	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rezultiranoj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rezultiranom	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rezultiranome	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rezultiranomu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rezultiranu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rezultirao	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rezultirasmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rezultiraste	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rezultirate	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rezultirati	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rezultirati	same lemma in HR and SR and modlemma rezultovati in SR
rezultiravši	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rezultiraš	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
rezultiraše	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
sistematiziran	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
sistematizirana	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
sistematizirane	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
sistematizirani	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
sistematiziranih	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
sistematiziranim	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
sistematiziranima	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
sistematizirano	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
sistematiziranog	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
sistematiziranoga	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
sistematiziranoj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
sistematiziranom	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
sistematiziranome	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
sistematiziranomu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
sistematiziranu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
spakirati	same lemma in HR and SR and modlemma spakovati in SR
specificira	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
specificirah	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
specificirahu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
specificiraj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
specificirajmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
specificirajte	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
specificiraju	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
specificirajući	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
specificirala	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
specificirale	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
specificirali	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
specificiralo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
specificiram	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
specificiramo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
specificiran	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
specificirana	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
specificirane	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
specificirani	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
specificiranih	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
specificiranim	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
specificiranima	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
specificirano	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
specificiranog	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
specificiranoga	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
specificiranoj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
specificiranom	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
specificiranome	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
specificiranomu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
specificiranu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
specificirao	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
specificirasmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
specificiraste	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
specificirate	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
specificirati	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
specificirati	same lemma in HR and SR and modlemma specifikovati in SR
specificiravši	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
specificiraš	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
specificiraše	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
specijaliziran	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
specijalizirana	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
specijalizirane	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
specijalizirani	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
specijaliziranih	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
specijaliziranim	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
specijaliziranima	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
specijalizirano	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
specijaliziranog	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
specijaliziranoga	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
specijaliziranoj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
specijaliziranom	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
specijaliziranome	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
specijaliziranomu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
specijaliziranu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
standardiziran	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
standardizirana	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
standardizirane	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
standardizirani	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
standardiziranih	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
standardiziranim	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
standardiziranima	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
standardizirano	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
standardiziranog	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
standardiziranoga	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
standardiziranoj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
standardiziranom	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
standardiziranome	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
standardiziranomu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
standardiziranu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
stiliziran	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
stilizirana	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
stilizirane	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
stilizirani	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
stiliziranih	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
stiliziranim	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
stiliziranima	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
stilizirano	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
stiliziranog	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
stiliziranoga	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
stiliziranoj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
stiliziranom	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
stiliziranome	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
stiliziranomu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
stiliziranu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
tagova	SR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in HR apertium
transportova	SR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in HR apertium
trijumfirajući	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
trijumfova	SR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in HR apertium
verificira	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
verificirah	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
verificirahu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
verificiraj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
verificirajmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
verificirajte	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
verificiraju	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
verificirajući	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
verificirala	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
verificirale	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
verificirali	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
verificiralo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
verificiram	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
verificiramo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
verificiran	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
verificirana	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
verificirane	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
verificirani	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
verificiranih	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
verificiranim	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
verificiranima	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
verificirano	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
verificiranog	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
verificiranoga	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
verificiranoj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
verificiranom	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
verificiranome	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
verificiranomu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
verificiranu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
verificirao	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
verificirasmo	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
verificiraste	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
verificirate	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
verificirati	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
verificirati	same lemma in HR and SR and modlemma verifikovati in SR
verificiravši	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
verificiraš	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
verificiraše	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
zakomplicirati	same lemma in HR and SR and modlemma zakomplikovati in SR
zapakirati	same lemma in HR and SR and modlemma zapakovati in SR
šifriran	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
šifrirana	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
šifrirane	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
šifrirani	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
šifriranih	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
šifriranim	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
šifriranima	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
šifrirano	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
šifriranog	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
šifriranoga	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
šifriranoj	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
šifriranom	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
šifriranome	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
šifriranomu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
šifriranu	HR candidate token for the opposition irati-ov/ovati in SR apertium
