baćinski	same lemma in HR and SR and modlemma baštinski in SR
buća	same lemma in HR and SR and modlemma bušta in SR
bućin	same lemma in HR and SR and modlemma buštin in SR
moć	same lemma in HR and SR and modlemma mošt in SR
moći	same lemma in HR and SR and modlemma mošti in SR
najvještija	SR candidate token for the opposition c/st in HR apertium
najvještije	SR candidate token for the opposition c/st in HR apertium
najvještijeg	SR candidate token for the opposition c/st in HR apertium
najvještijega	SR candidate token for the opposition c/st in HR apertium
najvještijem	SR candidate token for the opposition c/st in HR apertium
najvještijemu	SR candidate token for the opposition c/st in HR apertium
najvještiji	SR candidate token for the opposition c/st in HR apertium
najvještijih	SR candidate token for the opposition c/st in HR apertium
najvještijim	SR candidate token for the opposition c/st in HR apertium
najvještijima	SR candidate token for the opposition c/st in HR apertium
najvještijoj	SR candidate token for the opposition c/st in HR apertium
najvještijom	SR candidate token for the opposition c/st in HR apertium
najvještiju	SR candidate token for the opposition c/st in HR apertium
općepoznat	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
općepoznat	same lemma in HR and SR and modlemma opštepoznat in SR
općepoznata	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
općepoznate	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
općepoznati	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
općepoznatih	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
općepoznatim	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
općepoznatima	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
općepoznato	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
općepoznato	same lemma in HR and SR and modlemma opštepoznato in SR
općepoznatog	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
općepoznatoga	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
općepoznatoj	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
općepoznatom	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
općepoznatome	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
općepoznatomu	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
općepoznatu	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
općina	same lemma in HR and SR and modlemma opština in SR
općinin	same lemma in HR and SR and modlemma opštinin in SR
općinski	same lemma in HR and SR and modlemma opštinski in SR
preopćinski	same lemma in HR and SR and modlemma preopštinski in SR
saopćava	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
saopćavah	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
saopćavahu	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
saopćavaj	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
saopćavajmo	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
saopćavajte	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
saopćavaju	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
saopćavajući	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
saopćavala	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
saopćavale	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
saopćavali	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
saopćavalo	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
saopćavam	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
saopćavamo	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
saopćavan	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
saopćavana	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
saopćavane	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
saopćavani	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
saopćavanih	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
saopćavanim	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
saopćavanima	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
saopćavano	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
saopćavanog	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
saopćavanoga	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
saopćavanoj	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
saopćavanom	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
saopćavanome	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
saopćavanomu	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
saopćavanu	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
saopćavao	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
saopćavasmo	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
saopćavaste	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
saopćavate	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
saopćavati	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
saopćavati	same lemma in HR and SR and modlemma saopštavati in SR
saopćavaš	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
saopćavaše	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
svećenici	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
svećenicima	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
svećenik	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
svećenik	same lemma in HR and SR and modlemma sveštenik in SR
svećenika	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
svećenike	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
svećenikom	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
svećenikov	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
svećenikov	same lemma in HR and SR and modlemma sveštenikov in SR
svećenikova	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
svećenikove	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
svećenikovi	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
svećenikovih	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
svećenikovim	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
svećenikovima	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
svećenikovo	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
svećenikovog	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
svećenikovoga	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
svećenikovoj	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
svećenikovom	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
svećenikovome	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
svećenikovomu	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
svećenikovu	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
svećeniku	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
svećenikâ	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
svećeniče	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
svećenički	same lemma in HR and SR and modlemma sveštenički in SR
svećenstvo	same lemma in HR and SR and modlemma sveštenstvo in SR
uopšte	SR candidate token for the opposition c/st in HR apertium
uopšten	SR candidate token for the opposition c/st in HR apertium
uopštena	SR candidate token for the opposition c/st in HR apertium
uopštene	SR candidate token for the opposition c/st in HR apertium
uopšteni	SR candidate token for the opposition c/st in HR apertium
uopštenih	SR candidate token for the opposition c/st in HR apertium
uopštenim	SR candidate token for the opposition c/st in HR apertium
uopštenima	SR candidate token for the opposition c/st in HR apertium
uopšteno	SR candidate token for the opposition c/st in HR apertium
uopštenog	SR candidate token for the opposition c/st in HR apertium
uopštenoga	SR candidate token for the opposition c/st in HR apertium
uopštenoj	SR candidate token for the opposition c/st in HR apertium
uopštenom	SR candidate token for the opposition c/st in HR apertium
uopštenome	SR candidate token for the opposition c/st in HR apertium
uopštenomu	SR candidate token for the opposition c/st in HR apertium
uopštenu	SR candidate token for the opposition c/st in HR apertium
već	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
već	same lemma in HR and SR and modlemma vešt in SR
većina	same lemma in HR and SR and modlemma veština in SR
većinin	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
većinin	same lemma in HR and SR and modlemma veštinin in SR
većinina	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
većinine	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
većinini	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
većininih	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
većininim	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
većininima	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
većinino	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
većininog	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
većininoga	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
većininoj	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
većininom	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
većininome	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
većininomu	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
većininu	HR candidate token for the opposition c/st in SR apertium
vješt	SR candidate token for the opposition c/st in HR apertium
vješta	SR candidate token for the opposition c/st in HR apertium
vješte	SR candidate token for the opposition c/st in HR apertium
vješti	SR candidate token for the opposition c/st in HR apertium
vještih	SR candidate token for the opposition c/st in HR apertium
vještija	SR candidate token for the opposition c/st in HR apertium
vještije	SR candidate token for the opposition c/st in HR apertium
vještijeg	SR candidate token for the opposition c/st in HR apertium
vještijega	SR candidate token for the opposition c/st in HR apertium
vještijem	SR candidate token for the opposition c/st in HR apertium
vještijemu	SR candidate token for the opposition c/st in HR apertium
vještiji	SR candidate token for the opposition c/st in HR apertium
vještijih	SR candidate token for the opposition c/st in HR apertium
vještijim	SR candidate token for the opposition c/st in HR apertium
vještijima	SR candidate token for the opposition c/st in HR apertium
vještijoj	SR candidate token for the opposition c/st in HR apertium
vještijom	SR candidate token for the opposition c/st in HR apertium
vještiju	SR candidate token for the opposition c/st in HR apertium
vještim	SR candidate token for the opposition c/st in HR apertium
vještima	SR candidate token for the opposition c/st in HR apertium
vještinin	SR candidate token for the opposition c/st in HR apertium
vještinina	SR candidate token for the opposition c/st in HR apertium
vještinine	SR candidate token for the opposition c/st in HR apertium
vještinini	SR candidate token for the opposition c/st in HR apertium
vještininih	SR candidate token for the opposition c/st in HR apertium
vještininim	SR candidate token for the opposition c/st in HR apertium
vještininima	SR candidate token for the opposition c/st in HR apertium
vještinino	SR candidate token for the opposition c/st in HR apertium
vještininog	SR candidate token for the opposition c/st in HR apertium
vještininoga	SR candidate token for the opposition c/st in HR apertium
vještininoj	SR candidate token for the opposition c/st in HR apertium
vještininom	SR candidate token for the opposition c/st in HR apertium
vještininome	SR candidate token for the opposition c/st in HR apertium
vještininomu	SR candidate token for the opposition c/st in HR apertium
vještininu	SR candidate token for the opposition c/st in HR apertium
vješto	SR candidate token for the opposition c/st in HR apertium
vještog	SR candidate token for the opposition c/st in HR apertium
vještoga	SR candidate token for the opposition c/st in HR apertium
vještoj	SR candidate token for the opposition c/st in HR apertium
vještom	SR candidate token for the opposition c/st in HR apertium
vještome	SR candidate token for the opposition c/st in HR apertium
vještomu	SR candidate token for the opposition c/st in HR apertium
vještu	SR candidate token for the opposition c/st in HR apertium
voćarnica	same lemma in HR and SR and modlemma voštarnica in SR
ćuk	same lemma in HR and SR and modlemma štuk in SR
